make space in which people can tangle
with the lights
normal prediction project a project
in fact
there's a light volume ladies
scream like spies
this is a explanation of space I said so
there are right axis like this I set the
project at each end of the axis we can
spin like this is this indicator light
sometimes this bus is belonging to the
one hand and the next time man in the
geometry we also
according to this axis I made a holy
night to keep the southwest all right
doha grass projections tips result
instruction is made of units which is
the same same shape and there's some
connection parts in 37 kind of joint
watch so with this simple system I made
a structure like this seems to be like a
little bit like the lines continues so
every a part of the exhibition space is
made of kiss 631 continues sometimes
make space released
horizontally
which is supportive find that small
units